# Privacy Policy

###### Last updated: January 28, 2021

This Privacy Policy describes the policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Software.

## Interpretation and Definitions

#### Interpretation

The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

#### Definitions

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

- Software means the software program and/or any parts of the code, provided by the Developer and downloaded by You on any electronic device, named Knockout Context Hover.

- Developer (also referred to as either "the Developer", "We", "Us, "Our", "I" or "My" in this Agreement) refers to the creator and provider of the Knockout Context Hover web browser extension.

- Country refers to: United Kingdom.

- Device means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.

- Personal Data is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.

- Service refers to the Software.

- Operating Context (also referred to as "Operating Client" or "the Software's Client" in this Agreement) refers to the software and/or Device under which the Software operates. This includes operating systems such as Windows, MacOS, Linux and web browsers such as Google Chrome and Firefox.

- Service Provider means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.

- Third-party Social Media Service refers to any website or any social network website through which a User can log in or create an account to use the Service.

- Usage Data refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

- You means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.

## Data Collection

The Software does not collect any information. This includes Personal Data, Usage Data or any other type of information. No inbound or outbound internet connections are performed by the Software, and no data is transmited from You to the Developer. Markup and executable code that is instantiated on the target webpage solely operates within the local context of the Operating Context.

Given that no information is collected, no information will be shared with any parties.

The Developer is not responsible for the collection and handling of any Personal Data, Usage Data or other information that may be collected by the Operating Context.

## Security of Your Personal Data

No Personal Data, Usage Data or any other type of information will ever be collected by the Software. The Developer will not be held liable under any circumstances, and You will be responsible for the security of Your data at all times while using the Software. You are hereby advised not to use the Software if you have concerns about security.

The Developer will not assume responsibility for the collection, security or use of Your Personal Data, Usage Data or other information that may be performed by the Operating Context.

## Changes to this Privacy Policy

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

## Contact

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can make contact by creating a GitHub issue on the extension's GitHub repository:

    https://github.com/alexcodito/KnockoutContextHover

